Update mutability tag to link Nedbat's talk (#2546)
python-discord/bot: bot/resources/tags/mutability.md

Reviewer: There shouldn't be a space between the `]` and `(`

Author: fixed.

```

Other examples of mutable data types in Python are `dict` and `set`. Instances of user-defined classes are also mutable.

> For an in-depth guide on mutability see:
> [Nedbat's video on mutability](https://youtu.be/_AEJHKGk9ns/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For an in-depth guide on mutability see [Ned Batchelder's video on names and values](https://youtu.be/_AEJHKGk9ns/).
```
